After we apply logic to get a list of
possible predictor variables down,
let's make sure we're not
using any duplicate variables.
A duplicate variable is simply
just a variable that represents
the exact same thing
as another variable.
An example of this would
be homeowner and renter.
Since a yes or
no response to a homeowner also answers
the question if a customer is a renter.
Another example would be age group and
age.
Or in baseball, runs and runs per game.
All these variables
represent the same thing.
Meaning we would have two of the same
predictor variables in our model.
When we have duplicate variables in our
model, it will hinder our ability to
predict, therefore we should
just choose one and go with it.